---
title: Going far
layout: post
author: billy.craddock
permalink: /going-far/
source-id: 1XFse_y_1m7QvctDlLHJ2E1LBvs_65Cniu2F8fgUc3SE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Going as far as we can in the lesson</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Page 26 in the Book</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To do at least 5 pages in the Book</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes. As I got to page 32 from page 26 which is 6 pages.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt as I do every week by following the Book and getting as far as I could in it without the help of the people around me or the teachers. My strategy is to just ignore everything around you and just to focus on the work set at hand. If I do this every week, then I will be progressing well as the lessons go on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning aren't effecting my learning as much any more as I have learnt how to deal with them. They were that I was getting distracted by silly antics of the other people around me, but now, I just imagine it is me and the computer and the work and, so, I just get on with the work that I have been set.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change how quickly I work through the Book. So, this week was 5 pages and next week will be 10 pages and so on and so forth. That and that me and my partner should work with more chemistry and work through all of it quicker like I said above. That is how I will improve my learning. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


