---
title: IT Week 11
layout: post
author: billy.craddock
permalink: /copy-of-using-github/
source-id: 1iArP0ypGDnmNBZStCF-0AhUqlkRbDEuZpPM25IeYs-Y
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Week 11</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>29/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>P64 in the FUZE Book</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have completed a light circuit</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes as me and my partner got a working light circuit in our code.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by looking carefully at what was there in the diagram and tried to mimic it so that all of the different components are in the same places as that shown in the diagram in the Book. I used a strategy of learning from mistakes and that I have got to try harder in order to get something correct.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As always, some of the people around me distracted me from making more progress than I actually made which will improve my understanding of FUZE. I must somehow find a way to stop getting distracted by the people around my area.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will stop getting distracted, like I have said above, and only work with my partner in order to make the most progress that I can. This will improve my learning in the sense that I will be able to move on more swiftly than those around me and continue to get alot of the work needed to be completed complete.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


