---
title: IT Week 12
layout: post
author: billy.craddock
permalink: /copy-of-copy-of-using-github/
source-id: 1aHgnif2J9Kgola4M7UDxFfgPdWYjLZT9kDvzMjzvNsA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Week 12</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>6/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>P70 in the FUZE Book</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have moved on further in the Book</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes as I went as far as I could have gone.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I tried my hardest to foolow what the Book instructed to the smallest of details as if there was one small think out of place then none of the code will work properly as it should. The only thing that I really try to do is to progress to complete my target and to do as well as I can.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Being caught up in some silly antics with people around me and getting distracted in my head by some upcoming events. I tend to daydream alot and that makes me zone out and sometimes it makes it harder to get back into the right frame of mind so I need to stop doing that.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will listen carefully to the instructions of Mr Keen and Mr Ampah-Korsah as they can really help me progress and I should ask them for help straight away instead of hiding it from them. Also, I should actually put some effort into trying to fix my mistakes rather than leaving it and it resulting in me getting in alot of trouble.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

